device_plugins: Updated QAT device plugin readme (#358)
intel/intel-technology-enabling-for-openshift: device_plugins/deploy_qat.md

 qat.intel.com/dc: 32 
 qat.intel.com/dc: 32 
 ```

> **Note**: By default the device plugin creates half resources each for `qat.intel.com/cy` and `qat.intel.com/dc` respectively.

Reviewer: It's probably worth pointing out that by default the plugin does not do any configuration but uses the driver reset setting:
```suggestion
**Note**: By default the device plugin registers half resources each for `qat.intel.com/cy` and `qat.intel.com/dc` respectively, following the kernel driver reset configuration.
```

> **Note**: By default the device plugin registers half resources each for `qat.intel.com/cy` and `qat.intel.com/dc` respectively. For more details about the kernel driver reset configuration, refer to the section below.

Reviewer 2: for more detail about the QAT resources configuration, please see section QAT Device Plugin Configuration section below

**NOTE**: In this release, this is an experimental feature. The efforts to [enhance this feature](https://github.com/intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes/issues/1529) and [make it more stable](https://github.com/intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes/issues/1542) are on going.

> In this release, if the user does not configure the QAT resources through the device plugin `-provisioning-config` flag. 

Reviewer 2: remove this line

Author: updated

Users can use the steps below to customize the QAT resource configuration:  
1. Create the configmap for qat resource configuration 
    ```
    $ oc create configmap --namespace=openshift-operators --from-literal "qat.conf=ServicesEnabled=<option>" <name-of-configmap> 
    ```

>     Options- (refer to [link](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/ABI/testing/sysfs-driver-qat) for more details):  

Reviewer: the list below is not complete.

Users can use the steps below to customize the QAT resource configuration:  
1. Create the configmap for qat resource configuration 
    ```
    $ oc create configmap --namespace=openshift-operators --from-literal "qat.conf=ServicesEnabled=<option>" <name-of-configmap> 
    ```
    Options- (refer to [link](https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/ABI/testing/sysfs-driver-qat) for more details):  

>     `dc` and `dcc`: Configure all the QAT VF devices managed by the device plugin CR for compression services. `dcc` enables chaining feature of hash and compression. The resource created is `qat.intel.com/dc`.

Reviewer: I noticed one minor thing. QAT plugin does not recognize `dcc` so you could drop that for now.

Author: updated, thanks
